So I moved 17 times in my baby seventies. It's a lot of ghosts. Frankly,
before I was married, I I didn't have a care I would move anywhere
to do to get the job. I wanted to be in California, all the shit those
born and raised in Brooklyn. So I took the first ship I could find
out of the West Coast. After that, the detailers would call me and
say, You've done a bang up job and now we've got a tour for you on
the USS Fife on the life was coming out of the yards. San Diego and
going to you. Chris, get your pants. So that was a change of whole
port, which you may or may not experience again. You're your time.
So the other. In my time, there was a lot of moving around. The idea
of home standing and staying in one port really wasn't a tool that
was available. Now they tried A It's a key personnel in the home port
to minimize the amount of moves, but frankly, it can be done. It has
done a lot for personnel that are assigned to you. Goose get to Seventh
Fleet to fifth Fleet once they move you out there, they like
to keep you there. So they'll move your back to Goto farm ahead school
to go to XO school, go to see other school, but they'll send you
right back to you. Kuska, um, and or fifth fleet war out to six Fleet
in the med. So the nice thing about that Homestake pieces, it's easier
on the family staying home. If you happen to be married, you're
not married. You know pretty much you're gonna pack your seat back,
your tenant double where you where you want to go. And that's if you're
If you're not married, you If you are married, this goes back to
John. Paul Jones joins Navy. If you're willing to travel, they will
send. You don't want to travel. You can figure out a way to stay in
the whole board. It's it's more walking around and finding a job before
the detailers will work with you to keep you there if if so desired.
Personally, I as I said, I moved 17 times like a lot, so I I
didn't have a problem